Feminist women love Eminem. "Chicka, chicka, chicka, Slim Shady, I'm sick of him. Look at him, walkin' around, grabbin' his you-know-what. Flippin' the you-know-who," "Yeah, but he's so cute though.". Yeah, I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose. But no worse than what's goin' on in your parents' bedrooms.My tea's gone cold. I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all. The morning rain clouds up my window. And I can't see at all. And even if I could it'd all be gray. But your picture on my wall. It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad.I've created a monster, ‘cause nobody wants to. See Marshall no more, they want Shady, I'm chopped liver. Well, if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya. A little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor. Some vodka that'll jump start my heart quicker. Than a shock when I get shocked at the hospital.Can't you see what you do to me, baby?. You make me crazy, you make me act like a maniac. I'm like a lunatic, you make me sick. You're truly the only one who can do this to me. You just make me get so crazy. I go schizo, I get so insane I just go schizophrenic. One minute I wanna slit your throat, the next I wanna sex.let's go back, follow the yellow brick road. As we go on another episode. Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place. That I once used to call home sweet home. Come on, let's go back, follow the yellow brick road. As we go on another episode. Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place. That I once used to call home sweet home.And I am whatever you say I am. If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?. In the paper, the news, every day I am. Radio won't even play my jam. ‘Cause I am whatever you say I am. If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?. In the paper, the news, every day I am. I don't know, it's just the way I am.I was gonna take the time to sit down and write you a little letter. But I thought a song would probably be a little better. Instead of a ,letter. That you'd probably just shred up--yeah. I stumbled on your picture yesterday and it made me stop and think of. How much of a waste it'd ,be for me to put some ink to, a stupid piece a. Paper, I'd rather let you see how. Much I fucking hate you in a freestyle.Mom, I know I let you down. And though you say the days are happy. Why is the power off and I'm fucked up?. And, Mom, I know he's not around. But don't you place the blame on me. As you pour yourself another drink, yeah. I guess we are who we are. Headlights shining in the dark night, I drive on. Maybe we took this too far.